{ такое себе
    My career in IT began right after university, where I quickly moved up the ranks to become the head of IT departments at both industrial enterprises and the banking sector. 

In 2018, I became a member of Skyeng, a fast-growing educational project. The department of teacher acquisition hired me as a data analyst, and I was instrumental in developing their data-driven decision-making framework from the ground up. I was in charge of a small group of data analysts. I used my knowledge of Python, Airflow, SQL, Tableau and Redash to create dashboards, conduct research, and provide insights to the department's management, product, and operational teams.

In 2022, I moved to Ozon, a thriving online marketplace, as a lead analyst. My current project involves selecting the right audience for marketing communications and has already resulted in a significant boost in conversion rates. With experience working on big data projects, utilizing technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Vertica, and ClickHouse, I am excited to bring value to the company through data-driven solutions.
Решал вместе к командой задачи в двух основных направлениях:
1.Подготовка и сопровождение удобных витрин для аналитики 
2.Разработка и развитие ключевых дашбордов
Стек - Python,Airflow, CLickhouse,, Vertica, Spark, Apache SupersetРешал вместе к командой задачи в двух основных направлениях: 1.Подготовка и сопровождение удобных витрин для аналитики 2.Разработка и развитие ключевых дашбордов Стек - Python,Airflow, CLickhouse,, Vertica, Spark, Apache Superset

Lead Data AnalystLead Data Analyst
Jan 2022 - Apr 2023 · 1 yr 4 mosJan 2022 - Apr 2023 · 1 yr 4 mos

Создал продукт на основе ML для подбора аудитории маркетинговых коммуникаций с учётом контента и поведения пользователей, который увеличил атрибуцированный GMV и конверсию в заказ почти в 2 раза
},

{   i have a dream
    From childhood, I dreamed of devoting my life to mathematics, and I fulfilled that dream by becoming an analyst. I love exploring and have the ability to delve into the essence of things. I am responsible and positive, and I put my heart into my work.
},

{ картиночки
    Data Analyst with over 2.5 years of experience, proficient in data analysis, process automation, and strategic insight generation. Currently seeking a challenging role within a dynamic international company.

⚒ SQL, Python, Tableau, Hadoop, Git, Airflow, Statistics
📈 Ability to manage large datasets
💻 Solid work experience in big tech companies
🤝 рукопожатие Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams
🧠 моск Ability to generate strategic insights, contributing to organizational goals and growth
},

{   електрик
    I am an Electrical Engineer and the founder of “Teploenergoexpert” LLC, a small family business based in Moscow. In my position, I lead a team of highly qualified specialists, consisting of several members, dedicated to providing quality and reliable engineering services in the field of electrical network security and energy conservation.

    I am an electrical engineer with 15 years of practical and scientific experience. My qualifications include a high level of education and expertise in the field of electrical system safety and energy conservation. My responsibilities include creating engineering projects, solving complex technical problems, developing energy-saving programs, and implementing new technologies, as well as managing personnel. I have all the necessary licenses and certificates to work in my field.
    
    I continue my scientific and engineering work, benefiting society and developing Teploenergoexpert LLC. Throughout my professional career, with my structural and engineering thinking as well as my extraordinary ability to solve complex problems, I have gained an excellent reputation as an expert in the field of energy saving and electrical grid safety control.
},

{   можно допилить
o I create a model that predicts, based on online-cinema data, the rating that the user will give to the film in order to recommend the next film to him. Tools: colab.research, pandas, sklearn, pyspark, regression models. 
o I implement a data-project for the air transportation database that answers the following questions: maximum flight delays, number of available seats on flights, flight distance, cities without direct communication, etc. Tool: PostgreSQL.
o I built a management dashboard for a fast-food chain company that answers the following questions: revenue dynamics year-on-year, revenue distribution by cities and restaurants, average receipt dynamics, etc. Tool: Power BI.
* Resume: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EPUsJihqPebKbOE7e4WbSHktQvg6bQFa/view?usp=sharing
},

{ хвалько
Являюсь Team Lead'ом команды машинного обучения в проекте поиска (NER) (команда состоит из 2 аналитиков и 2 разработчиков).

Участвую в соревнованиях по машинному обучению:
* Победитель всероссийской олимпиады "Я-профессионал" по направлению "Машинное обучение" (7 место) в 2021 году. (Tabular Data)
* 7 место в соревновании от компании Мегафон "Предсказание трафика базовых станций сети сотовой связи" (Time-series) в 2021 году.

Закончил магистратуру Санкт-Петербургского политехнического университета Петра Великого по направлению "Инфокоммуникационные технологии и системы связи" с красным дипломом.

Осенний семестр 2021 года провел в Испании в Мадридском политехническом университете, изучая Data Science, машинное и глубокое обучение.

В 2020 году сдал IETLS на 7 баллов (CEFR level: C1)
},

{ electrical
    Licensed, Experienced Electrical Engineer with a strong background in construction industry. Skilled in Substation Design, Substation Grounding, Electrical Wiring, and Controls. Strong entrepreneurship professional, Business Owner with a Bachelor's degree in Electrical engineering.
},

{   hobby
    When I'm not diving into data and algorithms, I'm an avid coffee enthusiast and music lover. You might find me jamming out to my guitar or exploring the latest coffee shops in town :)
},

{   неплохо неплохо
    Разработчик машинного обучения с практическим опытом в проектах машинного обучения, включая NLP, классификация текстов, рекомендательные системы и семантический анализ.

• Стек ML: Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, transformers, Scikit-learn/lgbm/xgboost/random forest, А/B test, 
• Серверный стек: Python, Django, FastAPI, Flask, REST API, SQL
• Практический опыт работы с CI/CD (GitLab), Docker, Git, Linux
• Практический опыт работы с базами данных PostgreSQL, Hadoop

Знаю, что в работе главное - команда, и я очень хочу работать с классными специалистами, получать опыт и делиться своим :)

Люблю играть в шахматы и кататься на велосипеде. Мечтаю научиться играть на гитаре.
},

{   norm can be used
    Skilled in Deep Learning and Cryptography. Eager to develop, implement and improve new or existing Machine learning models. A highly focused person with strong communication skills and solid computer science background with a Bachelor's degree in Applied Cryptography from Belarusian State University.

𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐟𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐭: Python, PyTorch, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, FastAPI, Streamlit, W&B
𝐊𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐥𝐞𝐝𝐠𝐞𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞: C++, PyTorch Lightning, Scikit-Learn, Celery, Docker, Git, Asyncio, Airflow, MLflow, OpenCV
𝐒𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐅𝐚𝐦𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐚𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲: Aiogram, Java, RabbitMQ

𝐆𝐢𝐭𝐇𝐮𝐛: github.com/alex-snd
𝐓𝐞𝐥𝐞𝐠𝐫𝐚𝐦: t.me/alexsnd
𝐄𝐦𝐚𝐢𝐥: alexandershulga.sh@gmail.com
},

{   картиночки
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/amamaeva/
},

{   Хорошее описание работы
I will be glad to communicate with other like-minded people!
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikita-brovko/
},

{ github
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anastasiia-semina/
},

{ интересно
    - 2st Place Yandex Cup 2023 - ML NeuroSwipe (Gesture-typing prediction) 
- 8st Place Yandex Cup 2022 - ML RecSys
- Computer Vision Startup experience.
},

{ ansys
    Developed and implemented a neural network-based system for the MEMS resonator balancing process. The training data were collected using the engineering simulation software ANSYS. As a result, we have reduced the average balancing process time by a factor of 5.
- During my work, I specialized in time series analysis, numerical prediction, and correction of MEMS gyroscope drift.
- Experience with Python and MATLAB for mathematical modeling, simulation, and reporting.
},

{   средне
Март 2023 — настоящее время
8 месяцев обучение в Skyeng
sky.pro
Аналитик данных
КЛЮЧЕВЫЕ ПРОФЕССИОНАЛЬНЫЕ КОМПЕТЕНЦИИ И НАВЫКИ:
- Знание теории о основ анализа данных: теории вероятностей и математической статистики, непрерывное и дискретное распределение, проверка гипотез, построение доверительных интервалов.
- Базовые знания статистики, процесса аналитики и анализа метрик.
- Опыт написания SQL-запросов, анализа LTV, построения графиков Retention и Churn.
- Практические навыки работы с такими инструментами: PostgreSQL (сложные запросы,оконные функции), Excel.
- Винтажный и когортные анализы, расчеты LT, LTV.
- Умение создавать калькуляторы в Excel.
- Формирование презентация в Power Point, дашбордов в Power BI,Яндекс Datalens.
- Умение читать метрики и переводить цифры на простой человеческий язык.
- Широкий кругозор в области IT и тяга к его постоянному расширению.

ВЫПОЛНЕННЫЕ КЕЙСЫ:
- Поиск аномалий в витрине данных.
- Расчет Retention и LTV пользователей онлайн-кинотеатра.
- Анализ доходности облигаций (с построением калькулятора в Excel).
- Создание дашборда финансового дашборда (Power BI, SQL) 
ДОСТИЖЕНИЯ:
- Выполнил 3 масштабных учебных кейса и 20+ домашних заданий с оценкой "отлично".
- Осуществлял дополнительную поддержку преподавателю курса и оказывал помощь в освоении учебного материала 3 сокурсникам.
ЗАДАЧИ:
- Проведение анализов данных в различных областях.
- Выгрузка массива и его обработка с помощью различных инструментов.
- Расчет показателей и метрик и проведение тестов, проверка гипотез.
- Участие в воркшопах, итоговых оценочных мероприятиях, работа в группах. 
},

{   language
    English - C1 (fluent), CAE certificate approved
    German - B2 (advanced), Goethe certificate approved
},

{   хм
    ✔ Ability to respond and adapt to changing priorities quickly and efficiently.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating Systems: Linux, MacOS, iOS, Android, Windows
Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, Bash, Perl
Markup and query languages: HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON, Markdow, SQL, XPath
Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, Oracle Berkeley DB, MongoDB, Redis, Memcached
IDE & Text Editors: Vim, PyCharm, WebStorm, VSCode, KomodoIDE, Atom, Sublime Text
Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub, GitLab, SVN
CI/CD: Docker, Jenkins
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Postman, Cypress, Chrome DevTools, Swagger, GTMetrix, Lighthouse, SpeedLab, BrowserStack, Mozilla Observatory, Snyk, TestCollab, BrowserStack
Methodologies: Agile/SCRUM, Waterfall
Bug Tracking Tools: Jira, Redmine, Microsoft CRM, Confluence
Browsers: Any
},

{   electric
    An experienced electrician with a significant background in power transmission lines, overhead catenary system and substations in Russia, adept at quickly acquiring new skills relevant to the position. Proficient in repairing damages to power transmission lines and transformer substations. Capable of working at heights on poles using ladders, hooks.Ensuring the proper functioning, accident-free, and reliable operation of serviced devices and equipment, including modern high-quality repairs and upgrades. Identifying reasons for premature wear, taking preventive measures, and addressing issues. Awarded a certificate of merit for conscientious work in Russia at the "Russian Railways" company in 2018. I possess a work permit, SSN, and a White Card.
},

{   featured
    My Dashboards: https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksfadeev
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleks-a-fadeev/
},

{

},
После победы в научно-технической конференции, участникам победивших команд была предоставлена возможность выбора отделения для прохождения производственной практики. Я вместе с коллективом занимался проектированием, внесением правок в AutoCAD. Наш коллектив занимался преимущественно проектированием инфраструктуры электроснабжения, заземления. Это был один из самых уютных рабочих коллективов с которыми мне приходилось работать.

